welcome thank you very much for
accompany us while the frog legs
they were the only reference we had of
a dish prepared with this amphibian a
miraculous drink crossed in our
road offered to combat problems of
anemia pneumonia fatigue physical stress
2 and to prepare it in a bad mood
a congested area of ​​the capital
Peruvian and has a demand
impressive although it is difficult to
believe
It would be unforgivable to visit the capital
Peruvian and not know the ruins
archaeological because it is another way of
connect with your history and culture of
all that exist far and wide
from the city we visited the most
emblematic la huaca pucllana
was built by the Lima culture between
the year 400 and 700 after Christ almost
in its entirety with adobes in position
vertical with small side voids
what gives a shelf aspect full
from books
at each higher level it is accessed through
ramps in the form of zig zag and from the
high the view is spectacular throughout
of the tour the tourists can see the
elegant restaurant built to a
side of the ruins and a series of
life -size recreations of the
rituals that made the pachamama
the one that caught our attention was
This one shows that the
people of the lima culture offered
and they fed on different products
grown on their land
but also amphibians these frogs
perfectly arranged in the pan are
proof of that last thing not what
We knew but we were interested and he left us
thinking if the Incas ate frogs and so
they recreated them in the huaca pucllana
possibly the Peruvians still maintained
alive that tradition was just an idea
but just in case we encourage
investigate and this is what we discovered
although it is difficult to believe in a
congested area of ​​the city of Lima
amphibians have become the
main ingredient to raise the
energies defenses moods and everything
whatever comes to mind
in the local source of life betsy us
we found with doña rosa an expert in
prepare the most aphrodisiac juices and
curatives of the Peruvian capital
his speed to work is worthy of
recognize but your ability to
turn one of these frogs into a
appetizing and curative juice what is more and if
do not believe me just look like in a matter of
seconds of this little animal becomes
in a drink according to dona rosa
preparation serves to cure several
diseases
are prepared based on the frog and
maca maca honey key let her robin pollen
and they are have good benefits
and good for cough asthma bronchi
bone pains for the brain to
malnutrition of children
adults who suffer bone pain
We could not believe how people tested
the juice without any qualms and is that
they also take it with pleasure while they read
the newspaper early in the day but
clear for those who place their faith in
natural healing products everything is
welcome jose luis for example from
child consumes his favorite is extract
of frog with honey bee and not even a
time was wrong as I said with the
immediate americas vehicles and it should be
be a good friend who had tuberculosis
in my work and I took her as a frog and with
sure got up because it's good for
do not kidnap low defenses what is
the importance of taking these hours of
the morning what I think is effective
before taking food and that's why
that I take
with that he has energy for the whole day
for the whole afternoon for a long time more
in a pot the maca boils with the plant
kiwicha and in the other soy milk
either serves as a basis for
the juices and according to the needs of the
client the others are added
ingredients
many magic powders liqueurs like water
of mantle or chucho wash or herbs
medicinal honey of all kinds different
fruits and the most requested this body
green with four legs and moving the
Dona Rosa's fishbowl hosts daily
about 100 frogs are brought
directly from Lake Titicaca
depending on the clientele in a day of
work uses at least 60 and
the others just wait for their
turn but not only them our
producing producer, tourist guide and
others also waited his turn then
Although it is 100% Peruvian, it had never been
daring to approve the frog extract
I actually say daring because it was not
it's not easy to prove it after knowing that
a liquefied corpse was in
that pink rose glass helped us with a
first attempt and then came the
of fire
if he is rich
ah
after so many faces and gestures do not
it was so bad
the recommendation is better to forget about
the background and enjoy its flavor
and you have to admit that such a drink
forceful as this one definitely will
gives energy all day that's what
we guarantee